---
title: Waking Up
date: 2023-02-21T02:30:00Z
---

Man, just deleted a bunch of stuff I wrote here.

The gist was, tell the story of the first post to this as yet unsubstantiated blog.

Tell it with some details related to waking up in the middle of the night, getting tempted by a linkedIn thing from Sergei... Why is he posting a code challenge think? Doesn't he have a job already? Yep, he works for some company that Jeff Bezos started?

Maybe he's lying.
But what are my other code school compatriots up to?

Does Honorio have a job?
Yes...
Man, everyone has a job in the field except me.

Wait, Honorio's company is hiring a technical writer? Thanks for the prompt, linkedIn.

Don't I know some other technical writers?
David at McMaster-Carr.
Look up Bernadette but make sure to be on incognito mode so she doesn't know I was looking...

And then a little bit of searching to see what the job prospects are like... 80k? Seems pretty good.

Well let's say I were going to go for it...
What kind of stuff would I have to put on a resume?
2-3 years experience? Man...

But hey, What if I made a blog about this whole process, from this initial spark of interest going all the way up through getting a job?
And the point of the blog is to demonstrate my ability to document technical processes, to generate content that is both efficient and engaging...
And in the process, to learn about technical writing and to share what I learn.

That's like a perfect project for me.
Well defined goal.
Go from exactly where I am now, on Feb 21st 2023 to getting a job where I make 80k+ and have good benefits.

It's super clean, in one sense.

AND, the project parameters also allow for lots of space to experiment.
I can muse on a lot of stuff that's interesting to me - it's a BLOG after all...
And yet I will be accountable to the process, to an imagined audience (potential employers), plus other people who might be interested in technical writing.
I can use the space to write entries about a variety of topics I'm interested in.
Writing about how to make the blog, from a technical perspective, will show my comfortability with code, etc.

I also wrote down a bunch of other stuff I'd like to write about, but then I misued Vi and deleted it all...
Plus I should get some sleep.

I'd like to learn about what to name the blog.
One thing I know, and it's a good thing to end on, maybe, is that I have a significant amount of ENERGY around this...
And writing is something I like and I could do by myself and I could do remotely and I could do by engaging with technical people smarter than I am, to understand enough about what they know to translate it for other people who don't know as much as they know.
I think technical writing could be a really good job for me.

It would also be cool to come at this from a Humane Tech perspective, from the beginning.

To write about my own struggles with tech addiction and my desire to have a better life that involves technology but isn't determined by it.
It's hard for me to separate that from writing, because I like the act of writing, and that act is always taking place on these devices that link to behaviors I don't like...
Maybe it's one of my job criteria to work for a company that is working on making technology more humane.

5:56am
Maybe a second blog post would be about gathering specifications for the project.
Looking at a number of current technical writer jobs to see what software companies are looking for, so that I can demonstrate those skills through the implementation of my project.
This could be a certain type of posting, looking at one attractive listing per post, breaking down the requirements of the post and doing research/documentation on the various technical terms within the post itself.
Screen shot of post...
Vocabulary
Hyperlinks for each keyword that point to aggregation pages with information about that specific keyword, with links back to all the examples of job posts that have that keyword.
